Farce I think the funny person is yours
Luming, do you think you can order
The kung fu of the three-legged cat is the character
You will also despise the dragon feast
Those who can participate in the Tenglong Banquet
It's all a life with a head and a face
Make friends with anyone at that time
Can make us rich
What about you?
No shit will only make our Li family commit murder
It seems that you remember to eat or not
uncle
Those who know the current affairs are Junjie
The opportunity is right in front of you
Invitation letter for Tang Long banquet
Cockroach gave me one.
I didn't want to go.
But if Uncle and Chu Tang want to go
I can take you to Zhang Rong
Isn't that the famous meeting of the Mad Dragon King?
Lu Ming
I just got you out of your bad habit of making trouble
You're talking nonsense again.
What do you want to do?
What are you?
It is also worthy to ask the king to send you an invitation letter.
Zhu Ming, are you delusional again?
If you want to know the Mad Dragon King
Then I will know that I am the Dragon King
Lumin
Less fish is a double
You are indeed no match for Long Yan
Not participating
I'm telling the truth.
As for the battle of loyalty between the frogs at the bottom of the well
It's uncle, you're enough
But the engagement that came out was cut by me in Tiger's hospital
Don't mess around, it's alright
Uncle, let him say
I'd like to see how he comes up with the invitation
Dare you watch?